Privacy Policy
NT .Studio built the Animals for Kids app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by NT .Studio and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Animals for Kids unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

How we protect the online privacy of children under 13
NT .Studio takes many precautions to protect the online privacy of children. Whenever we refer to “children” in this Privacy Policy, we mean children under the age of 13. Please help us in protecting children’s privacy by instructing them to never provide any personal information (full name, email address, home address, phone number, etc.) without your permission.

NT .Studio follows the principles of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), a U.S. law designed to protect the online privacy of children, in our online services and Apps that are directed to children. If you would like to learn more about COPPA, you can refer to the “Children’s Privacy” section of the Federal Trade Commission’s website.

Currently, NT .Studio does not knowingly collect any personal information from children or within the child-directed portions of our Platforms except as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy. If we were to collect and store personal information from children, we would obtain the consent of a parent or legal guardian before such collection, unless the collection of information falls within an exception that is permitted under COPPA.

In our Apps directed to children users, we collect information which includes persistent identifiers such as a device identifier (“device ID”) or an Internet Protocol address (“IP address”). This information is collected solely for the purpose of providing functionality and support for our internal operations and optimizing our users’ application experience.

NT .Studio does not permit behaviorally-targeted advertising to children in the Apps or in the Platforms where we have actual knowledge that the user is under the age of 13.

If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected your child’s personal information without your prior consent, you may contact NT .Studio’ Privacy Officer



By email: thuandev2706@gmail.com
Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.


Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-01-13

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at thuandev2706@gmail.com.
